[Music]
[Applause]
why can't i see
the chemicals that you were exposed to
left your optic nerve intact
but seared and i'm so sorry to say this
but the damage is irreversible
in your virgin state of being sightless
perception won't always be reality
what color is she baby blue
let yourself adjust to your new world i
graduated top of my nursing class
i'm the ferrari of personal care your
eyes won't ever be what they were but
once the rest of you heals
you won't need them too
[Music]
hello heard her scream
she came to me frightened don't trust
anyone
someone broke in here you need to give
your senses
have gone into overdrive
i can hear you breathing
[Applause]
[Music]
hey